README.md, before:

# macOS-dev

## Contents

- [Applications](#Applications)
- [Cli](#Cli)
- [Browser-Plugins](#Browser-Plugins)
- [Editer-Plugins](#Editer-Plugins)
- [IDEA-Plugins](#IDEA-Plugins)
- [Tips](#Tips)

## Applications

- [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/) - 效率神器
  - [Workflows](http://www.alfredworkflow.com/ "第三方工作流下载网站 @hzlzh")
- ~~[Amphetamine](https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/amphetamine/id937984704?mt=12)~~ - 防休眠软件
- [AppCleaner](http://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) - 一个小应用程序，让你彻底卸载不需要的应用程序
- [Background Music](https://github.com/kyleneideck/BackgroundMusic) - automatically pause your music, set individual apps' volumes and record system audio.
- [Bartender](https://www.macbartender.com/) - Organize your menu bar icons
- [Buffet](https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/buffet!/id1048695921?l=en&mt=12) - Browser Picker
- [Caffeinated](https://yugen.design/caffeinated/) - 防睡眠应用
- [Charles](https://www.charlesproxy.com/) - 代理工具
- [CheatSheet](https://www.mediaatelier.com/CheatSheet/) - 实用的快捷键快速提醒工具
- [Dash](https://kapeli.com/dash) - API 离线文档软件
- [DBngin](https://dbngin.com/) - Free All-in-One Database Version Management Tool
- [Eudic 欧路辞典](https://dict.eudic.net/ "官网")
- [Evernote](https://www.yinxiang.com/ "官网") - 印象笔记
- [Folx](https://mac.eltima.com/download-manager.html "官网") - 免费下载管理工具
- [Gestimer](http://maddin.io/gestimer/) - 简单方便的提醒创建小工具
- ~~[Go2Shell](https://zipzapmac.com/Go2Shell)~~ - 从 Finder 打开命令行
- [GoLand](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/) - Capable and Ergonomic Go IDE
- [hazeover](https://hazeover.com/) - Turn distractions down and focus on your current task.
- [HexFiend](https://github.com/ridiculousfish/HexFiend/) - A fast and clever hex editor for Mac OS
- [HyperDock](https://bahoom.com/hyperdock) - HyperDock adds long awaited features to your Dock
- [HyperSwitch](https://bahoom.com/hyperswitch) - 窗口切换器
- [IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) - Capable and Ergonomic IDE For JVM
- ~~[iHosts](https://toolinbox.net/iHosts/)~~ - /etc/hosts 编辑神器
- [IINA](https://www.iina.io) - macOS 视频播放器
- [insomnia](https://insomnia.rest) - Powerful HTTP and GraphQL tool belt
- [iPic](https://toolinbox.net/iPic/) - 图床神器
- [iText](https://toolinbox.net/iText/) - OCR 截图识字
- [Itsycal](https://www.mowglii.com/itsycal/) - 轻巧的菜单栏日历工具。
- [iStatistica](https://www.imagetasks.com/system-battery-network-monitor-widget/) - macOS system monitoring widget
- [iTerm2](https://www.iterm2.com/) - 终端工具
  - [Iterm2-color-schemes](http://iterm2colorschemes.com/)
- [Infinity Dashboard](https://fiplab.com/apps/infinity-dashboard-for-mac) - Mac 菜单栏工具
- [坚果云](https://www.jianguoyun.com/ "官网") - 文件同步、备份、共享云存储软件
- [Kap](https://getkap.co/) - Capture your screen
- [Karabiner](https://pqrs.org/osx/karabiner/) - A powerful and stable keyboard customizer for macOS.
- [Keka](https://www.keka.io/zh-cn/) - MacOS 压缩文件管理器
- [MacVim](https://macvim-dev.github.io/macvim/) - Vim - the text editor - for macOS
- [Magnet](http://magnet.crowdcafe.com/) - Window manager for Mac
- [Manico](https://manico.im/) - 快速 App 切换器
- ~~[Medis](http://getmedis.com/)~~ - Beautiful Management Application for Redis
- [MWeb](https://zh.mweb.im/) - 专业的 Markdown 写作、记笔记、静态博客生成软件
- [NightOwl](https://nightowl.kramser.xyz/) - 简单切换 macOS 黑暗模式
- [OmniGraffle](https://www.omnigroup.com/omnigraffle/) - 一款绘图软件
- [OmniPlan](https://www.omnigroup.com/omniplan/) - 强大的项目管理软件
- ~~[Paste](https://pasteapp.me/)~~ - Paste is a smart cloud clipboard history and snippets manager
  > Alfred 也有粘贴板功能，轻量、好用。
- [PDF Expert](https://pdfexpert.com/zh) - 快速、轻巧、易用的 PDF 编辑器
- [PicGo](https://molunerfinn.com/PicGo/) - 开源图床工具，图片上传+管理新体验。
- [Postico](https://eggerapps.at/postico/) - A Modern PostgreSQL Client for the Mac
- [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/) - The Complete API Development Environment
- [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) - Python IDE for Professional Developers
- [Recents](http://recentsapp.com/) - Recents is a file launcher designed for Mac.
  > 可结合 Alfred
- [Sequel Pro](http://www.sequelpro.com/) - MySQL 数据库管理软件
- [ShadowsocksX](http://shadowsocks.org/) - 一个快速的隧道代理，可以帮助你绕过防火墙
- [ShadowsocksX-NG](https://github.com/shadowsocks/ShadowsocksX-NG) - 一款 ShadowsocksX 客户端软件
- [SourceTree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/) - Simplicity and power in a beautiful Git GUI
- [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/) - A sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose
- [Sublime Merge](https://www.sublimemerge.com/) - Git Client
- [SwitchHosts](https://oldj.github.io/SwitchHosts/#cn) - 一个管理、切换多个 hosts 方案的工具。免费开源软件。
- [TablePlus](https://tableplus.io/) - Modern, native, and friendly GUI tool for relational databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite & more
- [Tencent Lemon](https://mac.gj.qq.com) - 腾讯柠檬清理，极致清理· 全新体验。
- [The Unarchiver](https://theunarchiver.com/) - Open any archive in seconds
- [TinkerTool](https://www.bresink.com/osx/TinkerTool.html) - 一款专注于管理系统设置的免费应用
- ~~[TotalFinder](https://totalfinder.binaryage.com/)~~ - for Mac users who demand more from their Finder
- [typora](https://typora.io/) - 基于 Electron 的“读写一体” Markdown 编辑器
- [UninstallPKG](https://www.corecode.io/uninstallpkg/) - remove unwanted packages from your system
- [uTools](https://u.tools/) - uTools 是一个极简、插件化、跨平台的现代桌面软件。通过自由选配丰富的插件，打造你得心应手的工具集合。
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - 微软推出的免费/开源编辑器
  - 终端下使用`code`命令：运行 VS Code 并打开命令面板（⇧⌘P），然后输入`shell command`找到`Install 'code' command in PATH`。
- [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/) - Wireshark is the world’s foremost and widely-used network protocol analyzer.

## Cli

> macOS 下基本都能用 Homebrew 安装

- [annie](https://github.com/iawia002/annie) - Fast, simple and clean video downloader
- [container-diff](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/container-diff) - Diff your Docker containers
- [commitizen](https://www.npmjs.com/package/commitizen) - 使用 AngularJS 的 Git Commit 规范的命令工具
- [ctop](https://ctop.sh/) - concise commandline monitoring for containers
- [diff-so-fancy](https://github.com/so-fancy/diff-so-fancy) - diff-so-fancy strives to make your diffs human readable instead of machine readable.（增强 git diff 可读性）
- [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive) - A tool for exploring a docker image, layer contents, and discovering ways to shrink your Docker image size.
- [Fanyi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fanyi) - A translate tool in your terminal.
  `npm install fanyi -g`
- [gvm](https://github.com/moovweb/gvm) - GVM provides an interface to manage Go versions.
- [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) - 包管理工具，类似 apt-get、yum
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) - jq is like `sed` for JSON data
- [jid](https://github.com/simeji/jid) - Json Incremental Digger. like `jq`
- [lego](https://go-acme.github.io/lego/) - Let’s Encrypt client and ACME library written in Go.
- [mackup](https://github.com/lra/mackup) - Keep your application settings in sync (OS X/Linux)
- [mmh](https://github.com/mritd/mmh) - 一个使用 Go 编写的简单多服务器登录管理小工具
- [nghttp2](https://nghttp2.org/) - nghttp2 is an implementation of HTTP/2 and its header compression algorithm HPACK in C.
- [noti](https://github.com/variadico/noti) - Monitor a process and trigger a notification.
- ~~[oh-my-zsh](http://ohmyz.sh/)~~ - 拥有大量的有用的功能，助手，插件，主题，等特性的命令行工具插件
  - [plugins](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/wiki/Plugins)  
    `plugins=(autojump brew command-not-found encode64 git git-flow jsontools osx urltools wd zsh-syntax-highlighting)`
- [Prezto](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto) - zsh 配置框架，比 oh-my-zsh 轻量
  - [Prezto-custom](https://github.com/wenyuan5/prezto)
- [tldr](https://tldr.sh/) - Simplified and community-driven man pages
- [unar](https://theunarchiver.com/command-line) - 解压缩命令行工具
  `brew install unar`
- [vim](http://www.vim.org/)
  [简单的配置.vimrc 文件](./config/.vimrc)
- [z](https://github.com/rupa/z) - jump around，类似 autojump，但更好用

## Browser-Plugins

- [Better OneTab](https://github.com/cnwangjie/better-onetab) - 一个更好的 OneTab 扩展
- [bilibili helper](https://bilibili-helper.github.io/) - 哔哩哔哩 (bilibili.com) 辅助工具，可以替换播放器、去广告、推送通知并进行一些快捷操作
- [ElasticSearch Head](https://github.com/mobz/elasticsearch-head)
- [简阅](http://ksria.com/simpread/) - 让你瞬间进入沉浸式阅读的扩展
- [简 Tab](http://ksria.com/simptab/) - 极简的 Chrome 新标签页扩展
- [几枝](https://github.com/unicar9/jizhi) - 支持自定义新标签页的 Chrome 扩展，几枝将在新标签页上展示中国传统色的层叠波浪动画效果搭配经典诗词。
- [Octotree](https://github.com/ovity/octotree)
- [Quick QR](https://high-qr-code-generator.com/) - QR Code Generator
- [Sourcegraph](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension)
- [Tampermonkey](https://tampermonkey.net/) - Tampermonkey 是一款免费的浏览器扩展和最为流行的用户脚本管理器。
  - [用户脚本网站](https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN)
- [Vimium](https://vimium.github.io/) - Vimium is a Google Chrome extension which provides keyboard shortcuts for navigation and control in the spirit of the Vim editor.
- [WEB 前端助手(FeHelper)](https://www.baidufe.com/fehelper)

## Editer-Plugins

- [Markdown Preview Enhanced](https://shd101wyy.github.io/markdown-preview-enhanced/#/zh-cn/) - 一款为 Atom 以及 Visual Studio Code 编辑器编写的超级强大的 Markdown 插件

## IDEA-Plugins

- Alibaba Java Coding Guidelines
- Free Mybatis plugin
- GenerateAllSetter
- IdeaVim
- IdeaVimExtension - 为 IdeaVim 插件增加自动切换为英文输入法的功能
- jclasslib Bytecode viewer - jclasslib is a bytecode viewer for Java class files
- JRebel for IntelliJ
- Key Promoter X - A plugin to learn the IntelliJ IDEA shortcuts.
- Lombok
- Maven Helper
- MyBatis Log Plugin - 把 mybatis 输出的 sql 日志还原成完整的sql语句
- Rainbow Brackets

## Tips

Commit message:

docs(plugin): browser plugins
browser plugins

Signed-off-by: wenhe <hainye@126.com>

README.md, after:

# macOS-dev

## Contents

- [Applications](#Applications)
- [Cli](#Cli)
- [Browser-Plugins](#Browser-Plugins)
- [Editer-Plugins](#Editer-Plugins)
- [IDEA-Plugins](#IDEA-Plugins)
- [Tips](#Tips)

## Applications

- [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/) - 效率神器
  - [Workflows](http://www.alfredworkflow.com/ "第三方工作流下载网站 @hzlzh")
- ~~[Amphetamine](https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/amphetamine/id937984704?mt=12)~~ - 防休眠软件
- [AppCleaner](http://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) - 一个小应用程序，让你彻底卸载不需要的应用程序
- [Background Music](https://github.com/kyleneideck/BackgroundMusic) - automatically pause your music, set individual apps' volumes and record system audio.
- [Bartender](https://www.macbartender.com/) - Organize your menu bar icons
- [Buffet](https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/buffet!/id1048695921?l=en&mt=12) - Browser Picker
- [Caffeinated](https://yugen.design/caffeinated/) - 防睡眠应用
- [Charles](https://www.charlesproxy.com/) - 代理工具
- [CheatSheet](https://www.mediaatelier.com/CheatSheet/) - 实用的快捷键快速提醒工具
- [Dash](https://kapeli.com/dash) - API 离线文档软件
- [DBngin](https://dbngin.com/) - Free All-in-One Database Version Management Tool
- [Eudic 欧路辞典](https://dict.eudic.net/ "官网")
- [Evernote](https://www.yinxiang.com/ "官网") - 印象笔记
- [Folx](https://mac.eltima.com/download-manager.html "官网") - 免费下载管理工具
- [Gestimer](http://maddin.io/gestimer/) - 简单方便的提醒创建小工具
- ~~[Go2Shell](https://zipzapmac.com/Go2Shell)~~ - 从 Finder 打开命令行
- [GoLand](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/) - Capable and Ergonomic Go IDE
- [hazeover](https://hazeover.com/) - Turn distractions down and focus on your current task.
- [HexFiend](https://github.com/ridiculousfish/HexFiend/) - A fast and clever hex editor for Mac OS
- [HyperDock](https://bahoom.com/hyperdock) - HyperDock adds long awaited features to your Dock
- [HyperSwitch](https://bahoom.com/hyperswitch) - 窗口切换器
- [IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) - Capable and Ergonomic IDE For JVM
- ~~[iHosts](https://toolinbox.net/iHosts/)~~ - /etc/hosts 编辑神器
- [IINA](https://www.iina.io) - macOS 视频播放器
- [insomnia](https://insomnia.rest) - Powerful HTTP and GraphQL tool belt
- [iPic](https://toolinbox.net/iPic/) - 图床神器
- [iText](https://toolinbox.net/iText/) - OCR 截图识字
- [Itsycal](https://www.mowglii.com/itsycal/) - 轻巧的菜单栏日历工具。
- [iStatistica](https://www.imagetasks.com/system-battery-network-monitor-widget/) - macOS system monitoring widget
- [iTerm2](https://www.iterm2.com/) - 终端工具
  - [Iterm2-color-schemes](http://iterm2colorschemes.com/)
- [Infinity Dashboard](https://fiplab.com/apps/infinity-dashboard-for-mac) - Mac 菜单栏工具
- [坚果云](https://www.jianguoyun.com/ "官网") - 文件同步、备份、共享云存储软件
- [Kap](https://getkap.co/) - Capture your screen
- [Karabiner](https://pqrs.org/osx/karabiner/) - A powerful and stable keyboard customizer for macOS.
- [Keka](https://www.keka.io/zh-cn/) - MacOS 压缩文件管理器
- [MacVim](https://macvim-dev.github.io/macvim/) - Vim - the text editor - for macOS
- [Magnet](http://magnet.crowdcafe.com/) - Window manager for Mac
- [Manico](https://manico.im/) - 快速 App 切换器
- ~~[Medis](http://getmedis.com/)~~ - Beautiful Management Application for Redis
- [MWeb](https://zh.mweb.im/) - 专业的 Markdown 写作、记笔记、静态博客生成软件
- [NightOwl](https://nightowl.kramser.xyz/) - 简单切换 macOS 黑暗模式
- [OmniGraffle](https://www.omnigroup.com/omnigraffle/) - 一款绘图软件
- [OmniPlan](https://www.omnigroup.com/omniplan/) - 强大的项目管理软件
- ~~[Paste](https://pasteapp.me/)~~ - Paste is a smart cloud clipboard history and snippets manager
  > Alfred 也有粘贴板功能，轻量、好用。
- [PDF Expert](https://pdfexpert.com/zh) - 快速、轻巧、易用的 PDF 编辑器
- [PicGo](https://molunerfinn.com/PicGo/) - 开源图床工具，图片上传+管理新体验。
- [Postico](https://eggerapps.at/postico/) - A Modern PostgreSQL Client for the Mac
- [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/) - The Complete API Development Environment
- [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) - Python IDE for Professional Developers
- [Recents](http://recentsapp.com/) - Recents is a file launcher designed for Mac.
  > 可结合 Alfred
- [Sequel Pro](http://www.sequelpro.com/) - MySQL 数据库管理软件
- [ShadowsocksX](http://shadowsocks.org/) - 一个快速的隧道代理，可以帮助你绕过防火墙
- [ShadowsocksX-NG](https://github.com/shadowsocks/ShadowsocksX-NG) - 一款 ShadowsocksX 客户端软件
- [SourceTree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/) - Simplicity and power in a beautiful Git GUI
- [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/) - A sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose
- [Sublime Merge](https://www.sublimemerge.com/) - Git Client
- [SwitchHosts](https://oldj.github.io/SwitchHosts/#cn) - 一个管理、切换多个 hosts 方案的工具。免费开源软件。
- [TablePlus](https://tableplus.io/) - Modern, native, and friendly GUI tool for relational databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite & more
- [Tencent Lemon](https://mac.gj.qq.com) - 腾讯柠檬清理，极致清理· 全新体验。
- [The Unarchiver](https://theunarchiver.com/) - Open any archive in seconds
- [TinkerTool](https://www.bresink.com/osx/TinkerTool.html) - 一款专注于管理系统设置的免费应用
- ~~[TotalFinder](https://totalfinder.binaryage.com/)~~ - for Mac users who demand more from their Finder
- [typora](https://typora.io/) - 基于 Electron 的“读写一体” Markdown 编辑器
- [UninstallPKG](https://www.corecode.io/uninstallpkg/) - remove unwanted packages from your system
- [uTools](https://u.tools/) - uTools 是一个极简、插件化、跨平台的现代桌面软件。通过自由选配丰富的插件，打造你得心应手的工具集合。
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - 微软推出的免费/开源编辑器
  - 终端下使用`code`命令：运行 VS Code 并打开命令面板（⇧⌘P），然后输入`shell command`找到`Install 'code' command in PATH`。
- [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/) - Wireshark is the world’s foremost and widely-used network protocol analyzer.

## Cli

> macOS 下基本都能用 Homebrew 安装

- [annie](https://github.com/iawia002/annie) - Fast, simple and clean video downloader
- [container-diff](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/container-diff) - Diff your Docker containers
- [commitizen](https://www.npmjs.com/package/commitizen) - 使用 AngularJS 的 Git Commit 规范的命令工具
- [ctop](https://ctop.sh/) - concise commandline monitoring for containers
- [diff-so-fancy](https://github.com/so-fancy/diff-so-fancy) - diff-so-fancy strives to make your diffs human readable instead of machine readable.（增强 git diff 可读性）
- [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive) - A tool for exploring a docker image, layer contents, and discovering ways to shrink your Docker image size.
- [Fanyi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fanyi) - A translate tool in your terminal.
  `npm install fanyi -g`
- [gvm](https://github.com/moovweb/gvm) - GVM provides an interface to manage Go versions.
- [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) - 包管理工具，类似 apt-get、yum
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) - jq is like `sed` for JSON data
- [jid](https://github.com/simeji/jid) - Json Incremental Digger. like `jq`
- [lego](https://go-acme.github.io/lego/) - Let’s Encrypt client and ACME library written in Go.
- [mackup](https://github.com/lra/mackup) - Keep your application settings in sync (OS X/Linux)
- [mmh](https://github.com/mritd/mmh) - 一个使用 Go 编写的简单多服务器登录管理小工具
- [nghttp2](https://nghttp2.org/) - nghttp2 is an implementation of HTTP/2 and its header compression algorithm HPACK in C.
- [noti](https://github.com/variadico/noti) - Monitor a process and trigger a notification.
- ~~[oh-my-zsh](http://ohmyz.sh/)~~ - 拥有大量的有用的功能，助手，插件，主题，等特性的命令行工具插件
  - [plugins](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/wiki/Plugins)  
    `plugins=(autojump brew command-not-found encode64 git git-flow jsontools osx urltools wd zsh-syntax-highlighting)`
- [Prezto](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto) - zsh 配置框架，比 oh-my-zsh 轻量
  - [Prezto-custom](https://github.com/wenyuan5/prezto)
- [tldr](https://tldr.sh/) - Simplified and community-driven man pages
- [unar](https://theunarchiver.com/command-line) - 解压缩命令行工具
  `brew install unar`
- [vim](http://www.vim.org/)
  [简单的配置.vimrc 文件](./config/.vimrc)
- [z](https://github.com/rupa/z) - jump around，类似 autojump，但更好用

## Browser-Plugins

- [Better OneTab](https://github.com/cnwangjie/better-onetab) - 一个更好的 OneTab 扩展
- [bilibili helper](https://bilibili-helper.github.io/) - 哔哩哔哩 (bilibili.com) 辅助工具，可以替换播放器、去广告、推送通知并进行一些快捷操作
- [Dadda（达达）](https://github.com/waynecz/dadda-translate-crx) - 漂亮的划词翻译插件 / 让你在 Chrome 上背单词（可同步至扇贝、有道单词）
- [ElasticSearch Head](https://github.com/mobz/elasticsearch-head)
- [FeHelper](https://www.baidufe.com/fehelper) - 包含一些前端实用的工具
- [简阅](http://ksria.com/simpread/) - 让你瞬间进入沉浸式阅读的扩展
- [简 Tab](http://ksria.com/simptab/) - 极简的 Chrome 新标签页扩展
- [几枝](https://github.com/unicar9/jizhi) - 支持自定义新标签页的 Chrome 扩展，几枝将在新标签页上展示中国传统色的层叠波浪动画效果搭配经典诗词。
- [Octotree](https://github.com/ovity/octotree)
- [Quick QR](https://high-qr-code-generator.com/) - QR Code Generator
- [Sourcegraph](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension)
- [Surfingkeys](https://github.com/brookhong/Surfingkeys) - Map your keys for web surfing, expand your browser with javascript and keyboard.
- [Tampermonkey](https://tampermonkey.net/) - Tampermonkey 是一款免费的浏览器扩展和最为流行的用户脚本管理器。
  - [用户脚本网站](https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN)
  - [百度网盘直链下载助手](https://github.com/syhyz1990/baiduyun)
  - [网页限制解除](https://cat7373.github.io/remove-web-limits/)
  - [网页限制解除(改)](https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN/scripts/28497-remove-web-limits-modified)
- [Vimium](https://vimium.github.io/) - Vimium is a Google Chrome extension which provides keyboard shortcuts for navigation and control in the spirit of the Vim editor.

## Editer-Plugins

- [Markdown Preview Enhanced](https://shd101wyy.github.io/markdown-preview-enhanced/#/zh-cn/) - 一款为 Atom 以及 Visual Studio Code 编辑器编写的超级强大的 Markdown 插件

## IDEA-Plugins

- Alibaba Java Coding Guidelines
- Free Mybatis plugin
- GenerateAllSetter
- IdeaVim
- IdeaVimExtension - 为 IdeaVim 插件增加自动切换为英文输入法的功能
- jclasslib Bytecode viewer - jclasslib is a bytecode viewer for Java class files
- JRebel for IntelliJ
- Key Promoter X - A plugin to learn the IntelliJ IDEA shortcuts.
- Lombok
- Maven Helper
- MyBatis Log Plugin - 把 mybatis 输出的 sql 日志还原成完整的sql语句
- Rainbow Brackets

## Tips
